Clarify unexpected bahaviour of using layered `@import` and `@layer` statement together (#39326)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@layer/index.md

@import "theme.css" layer(utilities);
```

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > Using `@layer` to declare the layers order while using layered `@import`s in a same file could result an unexpected bahaviour. `@import` runs sooner and sets its layer before the `@layer` statement and makes its set order ineffective. As the result, the imported layer has the least order among other defined layers in the `@layer` statement. It is a good practice to keep them separated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Using `@layer` to declare the layers order while using layered `@import` rules in the same file could result in unexpected behavior. `@import` runs sooner and sets its layer before the `@layer` statement, making the latter's set order ineffective. As a result, the imported layer has the least order among other defined layers in the `@layer` statement. It is a good practice to keep them separated.
```

Just drive-by typo fixes. Not constituting a review.

> > Using `@layer` to declare the layers order while using layered `@import` rules in the same file could result in unexpected behavior. `@import` runs sooner and sets its layer before the `@layer` statement, making the latter's set order ineffective. As a result, the imported layer has the least order among other defined layers in the `@layer` statement. It is a good practice to keep them separated.

Reviewer 2: This is super useful and important to know. 
 I think it may be a better fit for the `@import` page, which currently reads "An @import rule must be defined at the top of the stylesheet, before any other at-rule (except [@charset](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@charset) and [@layer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@layer)) and style declarations, or it will be ignored." 

I am not sure if this is a feature or a bug. The spec reads: "The layer is added to the [layer order](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-cascade-5/#layer-ordering) even if the import fails to load the stylesheet, but is subject to any [import conditions](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-cascade-5/#import-conditions) ..." but doesn't say anything about the import layer order.

That said, i think we can make this more concise.
how about 
 ```suggestion
> While `@charset` and `@layer` declarations are the only declarations that can precede an `@import` declaration, layers created via an `@import` declaration will precede any layers declared in a `@layer` declaration."
```
This is more concise, but I am not sure it's not a bug and actually intentional.

Author: Oh, thank you @estelle. I read the draft and I actually found [the example 31](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-cascade-5/#example-aa4a55a5) clearly says that it is possible. So I assume there should be a bug in the Browser or tooling. So I close this issue. Thanks again!

Reviewer 2: Please consider filing a bug report with the browser if the layer order is incorrect per the spec
